Okay please implement this:
- please reduce the workstation number to 3 workstations
- first things first, for all of the changes you make, i want you to make a txt to be a log that explains everything about the code changes, the lines that changed and save the file in the folder called "change logs"

- so basically i am planning to make the PPS (Pick pod selection) to be a reinforcement learning (try to use PPO)
agent: pods
decision: 
1. the pod is unassigned
2. pod is assigned to station 1
3. pod is assigned to station 2
4. pod is assigned to station 3
reward function: pile on - average order completion time in one episode

- for the ppo model, you can use this:
import gymnasium as gym

from stable_baselines3 import PPO
from stable_baselines3.common.env_util import make_vec_env

# Parallel environments
vec_env = make_vec_env("CartPole-v1", n_envs=4)

model = PPO("MlpPolicy", vec_env, verbose=1)
model.learn(total_timesteps=25000)
model.save("ppo_cartpole")

del model # remove to demonstrate saving and loading

model = PPO.load("ppo_cartpole")

obs = vec_env.reset()
while True:
    action, _states = model.predict(obs)
    obs, rewards, dones, info = vec_env.step(action)
    vec_env.render("human")

- as for the wrapper, you can make a python that is similar like the file that i gave you (warehouse_env.py) but adjusted, please report to me what you do for the wrapper after you done changing

- Here are the full methodology that i want to implement:
1. Order Batching & POA
Start
Inputs:
Backlog orders
Number of picking stations
Bin capacity at each station
Unprocessed orders
SKU requirements for each order
SKU inventory in active pods
Step 1: Check unprocessed orders
Condition: Unprocessed order count > 5?
❌ No → Wait for 15 seconds → Repeat check
✅ Yes → Proceed
Step 2: Check bin availability
Condition: Bin available ≥ 1 at each station?
❌ No → Loop back (wait until available)
✅ Yes → Continue
Step 3: Check extra bin availability
Condition: Bin available ≥ 1 soon at the other station?
❌ No → Assign directly (skip reassignment logic)
✅ Yes → Continue
Step 4: Compare system states

Condition: Future state score > Current state score?

If YES:
Re-assign order to another station
Then:
Assign order with 2nd highest "current state" fulfillment score to current station
If NO:
Assign order with highest "current state" fulfillment score
Step 5: Update
Update bin availability
Output:
Assigned order demands (sent to PPS system)
End

🔷 2. PPS
Start
Inputs:
Aggregated SKU demand from assigned orders at each station
List of available pods in storage
Inventory details of each pod
Step 1: Check fulfillment status
Condition: All SKU demands at stations are fulfilled?
✅ Yes → End
❌ No → Continue
Step 2: RL training mode check
Condition: Use RL?
Branch A: (NO – Early / non-trained phase)
Filtering->Filter pods that have at least 1 SKU matching station demand
Selection logic:
Calculate each pod’s highest supply rate for the station
Condition: Multiple pods with same supply rate?
✅ Yes → Select pod with shortest travel distance
❌ No → Select pod with highest supply rate

Branch B: (YES – RL trained phase)
Filtering->Filter pods considering idle pods only
Feature extraction for each pod -> this is the input of the model:
a. SKU quantities
b. Distance to all stations
c. Station demand–pod match degree
Model outputs(decision) one of:
1. the pod is unassigned
2. pod is assigned to station 1
3. pod is assigned to station 2
4. pod is assigned to station 3
Step 3: Execute & record
Record:
Order fulfillment time
Pile-on (batching efficiency / grouping effect)
Step 4: Update system
Update station order demands
Loop
Repeat from “All SKU demands fulfilled?”
End Condition
When all SKU demands are fulfilled

- i want to use tensorboard to see the progress of the learning so please set it up, and in the tensorboard i want to see the cumulative path cost and the throughput so please also make the data recording mechanism
- after all of what you changed, please report to me in detailed what you do and what are the data types that is collected and what are the data